Add Kudosu (#3307)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Modding/Kudosu/en.md

# Kudosu

> **Kudosu** is a reward system for [modding](/wiki/Modding). It awards points for successful mod posts on [beatmap discussion](/wiki/Beatmap_Discussion) pages. Accumulated points can be seen on a user's profile page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Kudosu** is a reward system for [modding](/wiki/Modding). It awards points for successful mod posts in [beatmap discussions](/wiki/Beatmap_Discussion). Accumulated points amount can be seen on user's profile page.
```

Author: second sentence is better as-is
